//SPLASHES DEFS//
splash nukage
{
	smallclass 		nukagesplashbase
	smallclip		6
	//smallsound	world/lavasizzlesmall
	baseclass		nukagesplashbase
	chunkclass	    sludgechunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	6
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	NoAlert
}

splash slime
{
	smallclass		slimesplashbasesmall
	smallclip		16
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall
	baseclass		slimesplashbase
	chunkclass		slimechunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	NoAlert
}

splash water
{
	smallclass 		watersplashbasesmall
	smallclip		16
	smallsound		world/watersplashsmall
	baseclass		watersplashbase2
	chunkclass		watersplash
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
	NoAlert
}

splash blood
{
	smallclass 		bloodsplashbasesmall
	smallclip		16
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall
	baseclass		bloodsplashbase3
	chunkclass		bloodsplash
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	NoAlert
}

splash lava
{
	smallclass 		lavasplash
	smallclip		10
	smallsound		world/lavasizzlesmall
	baseclass		lavasplash
	//chunkclass	lavasmoke2
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	2
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	NoAlert
}

splash carpet
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/carpet
	NoAlert
}

splash dirt
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/dirt
	NoAlert
}

splash gravel
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/gravel
	NoAlert
}

splash metal
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/metal
	NoAlert
}

splash metal2
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/met2
	NoAlert
}

splash rock
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/rock
	NoAlert
}

splash slimy
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/slimy
	NoAlert
}

splash snow
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/snow
	NoAlert
}

splash hard
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/hard
	NoAlert
}

splash tile
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/tile
	NoAlert
}

splash tile2
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/tile2
	NoAlert
}

splash wood
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/wood
	NoAlert
}

splash electric
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/electric
	NoAlert
}

splash flesh
{
	smallclass      None
	smallclip       0
	smallsound		None
	baseclass       None
	chunkclass      None
	chunkxvelshift  0
	chunkyvelshift  0
	chunkzvelshift  0
	chunkbasezvel   0
	sound           floor/flesh
	NoAlert
}

//TERRAIN DEFS//
terrain	lava
{
	damagetype "Fire"
	footclip 6
	liquid
	splash lava
}

terrain	electric
{
	damagetype "Electric"
	footclip 0
	splash electric
}

terrain	nukage
{
	footclip 6
	liquid
	splash nukage
}

terrain	water
{
	footclip 6
	liquid
	splash water
}

terrain	blood
{
	footclip 6
	liquid
	splash blood
}

terrain slime
{
	footclip 6
	liquid
	splash slime
}

terrain flesh
{
	footclip 0
	splash flesh
}

terrain carpet
{
	footclip 0
	splash carpet
}

terrain dirt
{
	footclip 0
	splash dirt
}

terrain gravel
{
	footclip 0
	splash gravel
}

terrain metal
{
	footclip 0
	splash metal
}

terrain metal2
{
	footclip 0
	splash metal2
}

terrain rock
{
	footclip 0
	splash rock
}

terrain snow
{
	footclip 0
	splash snow
}

terrain slimy
{
	footclip 0
	splash slimy
}

terrain hard
{
	footclip 0
	splash hard
}

terrain tile
{
	footclip 0
	splash tile
}

terrain tile2
{
	footclip 0
	splash tile2
}

terrain wood
{
	footclip 0
	splash wood
}

//DOOM DEFS//
ifdoom
floor BLOOD1 blood
floor BLOOD2 blood
floor BLOOD3 blood
floor CEIL1_1 wood
floor CEIL1_2 metal
floor CEIL1_3 tile
floor CEIL3_1 hard
floor CEIL3_2 hard
floor CEIL3_3 tile
floor CEIL3_4 tile
floor CEIL3_5 hard
floor CEIL3_6 hard
floor CEIL4_1 carpet
floor CEIL4_2 carpet
floor CEIL4_3 carpet
floor CEIL5_1 hard
floor CEIL5_2 hard
floor CEMENT9 rock
floor COMP01 tile
floor CONS1_1 tile
floor CONS1_5 tile
floor CONS1_7 tile
floor CONS1_9 tile
floor CRATOP1 wood
floor CRATOP2 wood
floor DEM1_1 tile2
floor DEM1_2 tile2
floor DEM1_3 tile2
floor DEM1_4 tile2
floor DEM1_5 tile2
floor DEM1_6 tile2
floor FLAT1 rock
floor FLAT10 dirt
floor FLAT14 carpet
floor FLAT17 tile
floor FLAT18 tile
floor FLAT19 tile
floor FLAT1_1 rock
floor FLAT1_2 rock
floor FLAT1_3 metal
floor FLAT2 tile
floor FLAT20 metal
floor FLAT22 metal
floor FLAT23 metal
floor FLAT3 tile
floor FLAT4 metal
floor FLAT5 hard
floor FLAT5_1 wood
floor FLAT5_2 wood
floor FLAT5_3 carpet
floor FLAT5_4 carpet
floor FLAT5_5 carpet
floor FLAT5_6 rock
floor FLAT5_7 rock
floor FLAT5_8 rock
floor FLAT8 tile
floor FLAT9 tile
floor FLOOR0_1 hard
floor FLOOR0_2 hard
floor FLOOR0_3 hard
floor FLOOR0_5 tile
floor FLOOR0_6 tile
floor FLOOR0_7 tile
floor FLOOR1_1 carpet
floor FLOOR1_6 hard
floor FLOOR1_7 hard
floor FLOOR3_3 tile
floor FLOOR4_1 tile
floor FLOOR4_5 tile
floor FLOOR4_6 tile2
floor FLOOR4_8 tile2
floor FLOOR5_1 tile2
floor FLOOR5_2 tile2
floor FLOOR5_3 tile2
floor FLOOR5_4 rock
floor FLOOR6_1 gravel
floor FLOOR6_2 gravel
floor FLOOR7_1 hard
floor FLOOR7_2 tile2
floor FWATER02 water
floor FWATER1 water
floor FWATER2 water
floor FWATER3 water
floor FWATER4 water
floor GATE1 metal
floor GATE2 metal
floor GATE3 metal
floor GATE4 metal
floor GRASS1 dirt
floor GRASS2 dirt
floor GRNLITE1 hard
floor GRNROCK rock
floor LAVA1 lava
floor LAVA2 lava
floor LAVA3 lava
floor LAVA4 lava
floor METAL metal2
floor METAL1 metal2
floor METAL2 metal2
floor MFLR8_1 hard
floor MFLR8_2 rock
floor MFLR8_3 rock
floor MFLR8_4 dirt
floor NUKAGE1 nukage
floor NUKAGE2 nukage
floor NUKAGE3 nukage
floor REDWALL rock
floor RROCK03 rock
floor RROCK04 rock
floor RROCK09 rock
floor RROCK10 rock
floor RROCK11 rock
floor RROCK12 rock
floor RROCK13 rock
floor RROCK14 rock
floor RROCK15 rock
floor RROCK16 dirt
floor RROCK17 dirt
floor RROCK18 dirt
floor RROCK19 dirt
floor RROCK20 dirt
floor SFLR6_1 slimy
floor SFLR6_4 slimy
floor SFLR7_1 slimy
floor SFLR7_4 slimy
floor SHAWN1 metal2
floor SHAWN2 metal2
floor SLIME01 slime
floor SLIME02 slime
floor SLIME03 slime
floor SLIME04 slime
floor SLIME05 slime
floor SLIME06 slime
floor SLIME07 slime
floor SLIME08 slime
floor SLIME09 lava
floor SLIME10 lava
floor SLIME11 lava
floor SLIME12 lava
floor SLIME13 rock
floor SLIME14 metal2
floor SLIME15 metal2
floor SLIME16 metal2
floor STEP1 metal
floor STEP2 metal
floor STONE2 rock
floor TLITE6_1 tile
floor TLITE6_4 tile
floor TLITE6_5 tile
floor TLITE6_6 tile
floor WOOD1 wood
floor WOODVERT wood
endif

//BLOOM DEFS//
floor FHDB01 blood
floor FHDB02 blood
floor FHDB03 blood
floor FHDB04 blood
floor FHDB05 blood
floor FHDB06 blood
floor FHDB07 blood
floor FHDB08 blood
floor FHDB09 blood
floor FHDB10 blood
floor FHDB11 blood
floor FHDB12 blood
floor FHDB13 blood
floor FHDB14 blood
floor FHDB15 blood
floor FHDB16 blood
floor FHDB17 blood
floor FHDB18 blood
floor FHDB19 blood
floor FHDB20 blood
floor FHDB21 blood
floor FHDB22 blood
floor FHDB23 blood
floor FHDB24 blood
floor FHDB25 blood
floor FHDB26 blood
floor FHDB27 blood
floor FHDB28 blood
floor FHDB29 blood
floor FHDB30 blood
floor FHDB31 blood
floor FHDB32 blood
floor FHDM01 slime
floor FHDM02 slime
floor FHDM03 slime
floor FHDM04 slime
floor FHDM05 slime
floor FHDM06 slime
floor FHDM07 slime
floor FHDM08 slime
floor FHDM09 slime
floor FHDM10 slime
floor FHDM11 slime
floor FHDM12 slime
floor FHDM13 slime
floor FHDM14 slime
floor FHDM15 slime
floor FHDM16 slime
floor FHDM17 slime
floor FHDM18 slime
floor FHDM19 slime
floor FHDM20 slime
floor FHDM21 slime
floor FHDM22 slime
floor FHDM23 slime
floor FHDM24 slime
floor FHDM25 slime
floor FHDM26 slime
floor FHDM27 slime
floor FHDM28 slime
floor FHDM29 slime
floor FHDM30 slime
floor FHDM31 slime
floor FHDM32 slime
floor FHDS01 nukage
floor FHDS02 nukage
floor FHDS03 nukage
floor FHDS04 nukage
floor FHDS05 nukage
floor FHDS06 nukage
floor FHDS07 nukage
floor FHDS08 nukage
floor FHDS09 nukage
floor FHDS10 nukage
floor FHDS11 nukage
floor FHDS12 nukage
floor FHDS13 nukage
floor FHDS14 nukage
floor FHDS15 nukage
floor FHDS16 nukage
floor FHDS17 nukage
floor FHDS18 nukage
floor FHDS19 nukage
floor FHDS20 nukage
floor FHDS21 nukage
floor FHDS22 nukage
floor FHDS23 nukage
floor FHDS24 nukage
floor FHDS25 nukage
floor FHDS26 nukage
floor FHDS27 nukage
floor FHDS28 nukage
floor FHDS29 nukage
floor FHDS30 nukage
floor FHDS31 nukage
floor FHDS32 nukage
floor FHDW01 water
floor FHDW02 water
floor FHDW03 water
floor FHDW04 water
floor FHDW05 water
floor FHDW06 water
floor FHDW07 water
floor FHDW08 water
floor FHDW09 water
floor FHDW10 water
floor FHDW11 water
floor FHDW12 water
floor FHDW13 water
floor FHDW14 water
floor FHDW15 water
floor FHDW16 water
floor FHDW17 water
floor FHDW18 water
floor FHDW19 water
floor FHDW20 water
floor FHDW21 water
floor FHDW22 water
floor FHDW23 water
floor FHDW24 water
floor FHDW25 water
floor FHDW26 water
floor FHDW27 water
floor FHDW28 water
floor FHDW29 water
floor FHDW30 water
floor FHDW31 water
floor FHDW32 water
floor FHDZ01 slime
floor FHDZ01 slime
floor FHDZ02 slime
floor FHDZ02 slime
floor FHDZ03 slime
floor FHDZ03 slime
floor FHDZ04 slime
floor FHDZ04 slime
floor FHDZ05 slime
floor FHDZ05 slime
floor FHDZ06 slime
floor FHDZ06 slime
floor FHDZ07 slime
floor FHDZ07 slime
floor FHDZ08 slime
floor FHDZ08 slime
floor FHDZ09 slime
floor FHDZ09 slime
floor FHDZ10 slime
floor FHDZ10 slime
floor FHDZ11 slime
floor FHDZ11 slime
floor FHDZ12 slime
floor FHDZ12 slime
floor FHDZ13 slime
floor FHDZ13 slime
floor FHDZ14 slime
floor FHDZ14 slime
floor FHDZ15 slime
floor FHDZ15 slime
floor FHDZ16 slime
floor FHDZ16 slime
floor FHDZ17 slime
floor FHDZ17 slime
floor FHDZ18 slime
floor FHDZ18 slime
floor FHDZ19 slime
floor FHDZ19 slime
floor FHDZ20 slime
floor FHDZ20 slime
floor FHDZ21 slime
floor FHDZ21 slime
floor FHDZ22 slime
floor FHDZ22 slime
floor FHDZ23 slime
floor FHDZ23 slime
floor FHDZ24 slime
floor FHDZ24 slime
floor FHDZ25 slime
floor FHDZ25 slime
floor FHDZ26 slime
floor FHDZ26 slime
floor FHDZ27 slime
floor FHDZ27 slime
floor FHDZ28 slime
floor FHDZ28 slime
floor FHDZ29 slime
floor FHDZ29 slime
floor FHDZ30 slime
floor FHDZ30 slime
floor FHDZ31 slime
floor FHDZ31 slime
floor FHDZ32 slime
floor FHDZ32 slime
floor LAVA11 lava
floor LAVA21 lava
floor LAVA31 lava
floor LAVA41 lava
floor SLIME101 lava
floor SLIME111 lava
floor SLIME121 lava
floor TILE16 gravel
floor XTEX01 rock
floor XTEX02 rock
